(Smooth Jazz)
"Yo, hope y'all tucked in real nice sippin' cocoa up here in the mountains snuggled in with someone special. It's expected to be a real cold one tonight.  Might see some snow later.  We gotta real special lineup coming up for ya.  Nothing but the best silky smooth tunes in store.  You're listening to J95 The Vibe.  Smooth jazz all night long!"

(Rock)
"Today I woke up at the studio and didn't know how I got here.  It must of been one heckuva night.  Were's the tylenol?  Anyways, We got some great songs coming up.  You're listening to KQRX 102.3."

(Techno)
"Are you all feeling the energy today!  I don't know.  It's something in this clean mountain air.  I'm feeling like I might hit the track later and try some high speed turns! I hear there is a big race coming up and thinking of throwing my keys in the ring.  We got some great beats coming up for you. You're listening to TEK 104.7 The Beat. Only the best vibes 24-7"

(Heavy Metal)
"Ah man! Lost a big race yesterday.  I was about to win if it wasn't for that driver who smashed into me on the last turn.  Made me totally lose control both of myself and the car!  Got some real angsty tunes coming up for you.  You're listening to HM 106.5 The Smash.

(Country)
Hey ya'll.  I'm out here in Alpine country checking out the race tracks.  So far haven't seen a single cow or horse and frankly am a bit dissapointed.  However, lots of pine trees! Don't have too many of these down south where I'm from out in Alabama.  Got some tunes coming up that make you want to square dance and throw down!  Your listening to 93.9 The Lasso.

(Orchestral)
Hey, it's your mellow guide Armello here.  We got some classic scores coming up for you.  Hope you get in touch with your inner self on these.  And don't forget to check out some of the time trial runs we have out here in the alpines.  Nothing but self-improvement and learnings in store if you do.  You're listening to O 106.5 The Concerto. 

(Chiptune)
"It's your groovy DJ 8bit here.  Ready to hit you with a steady diet of nostalgia.  We got all the classic gamer tunes you all know and love.  Hope you've checked out some of the totally bodacious races we got out here in Alpine Country.  There's some great action for everyone out here.  Until then, we got a non-stop jam session for ya.  You're listening to 101.1 The Bit"
